---
title: About
description: What is this project?
---

Flowers is the final degree show stepping stone crafted by Meg, the multidisciplinery baddass. Aka Meghee, megabite and buttercup to those nearest and dearest. Flowers is exploring the process of grounding the virtual world to the physical, and speculating the natural towards the virtual. It was an opportunity to learn mechanics and 3D printing softwares, while munching on ideas such as the massive lack of care within our community structures, the invisibility of careworkers and maintenance workers despite them being the literal pillars that hold our societies up. The materiality of our tools and the ego / perhaps inherant desire to create a legacy, to create art and matter that will live longer than ourselves, work that transcends our own earthly lifespans. Thinking through melting, after talking to MELTIONARY duo Loren Britton and Isabel Paehr, in a physical and social sense, about merging and destroying and spilling into something new and open and care focused. Flowers, like most projects, is a stepping stone, afraid of being labelled finished as finished means the end - and with no resolution to these thought munchables, a finished project seems a failure. So here, is flowers, to be picked up again, this site to be melted down and regrown again, into eventually, hopefully, more concise words - but perhaps not - perhaps babble allows for the next shoot to be sprung, the next step to be taken, the next frisbee to be flung.